# Client/Server

Implement a simple client-server model to exchange files/commands over a network to mimic some part of the functionality of a distributed scheduler (*First Come First Served*) as well as to mimic a Remote Procedure Call (RPC). 

## Requirements: 
The server should be able to serve multiple clients simultaneously. For the client, it shouldbe able to takes the host machine of the server as an argument and connects to the server at pre-specifiedport. The client repeatedly prompts the user to input a command and sends it to the server. Thecommands are described as follows:
1. “list”: which shows the list of all files in the current directory of the server.2. “cd”: change the current directory at the server.3. “do_nothing”: the server does nothing, printing “I am doing nothing” at the server.4. “quit”: the client shuts down.5. other commands (not the above commands) entered will be replied with ‘What?’.*Note*: The server never shuts down, unless send signal to kill the process (i.e. Ctrl+C/Z).The server and client should run in separate machines and server should work when there are twodifferent clients.

## Background- **Serving multiple clients concurrently**:In order to be able to serve multiple clients simultaneously, there are two methods to implement this kindof server. The first one is using the function fork(). Function fork() creates a new process by duplicatingthe calling process. The new process, referred to as the child, is an exact duplicate of the calling process.So, whenever a new service is requested by the client, the server will duplicate a child process. Then itpicks up the child process, whose return value of function fork() is 0, to call the following functions toserve the client. The parent process still waits for the new client request.Another method is using the function pthread_create(). The function pthread_create() is used to create anew thread. So, when there is a service request from the client, the function pthread_create() will belaunched to provide the service to the client. When using the function pthread_create(), a data structurelinked list is implemented to store the client service information. So, the total number of served clientcould be calculated by counting the number of elements in the linked list.In this project, we will use fork() method.- **Add timeout in the client program**: In TCP, three message handshake and/or SYN-SYN-ACK) is themethod used to set up a TCP/IP connection over an Internet Protocol based network. TCP's three-wayhandshaking technique is often referred to as "SYN-SYN-ACK" (or more accurately SYN, SYN-ACK, ACK)because there are three messages transmitted by TCP to negotiate and start a TCP session between twocomputers. The TCP handshaking mechanism is designed so that two computers attempting tocommunicate can negotiate the parameters of the network TCP socket connection before transmittingdata such as SSH and HTTP web browser requests. In this project, we will use function AnyThere() toimplement the time out.

